fixing global header and doing acrolinx (#4361)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sampleapp-oie-redirectauth/main/ios/corsissuer.md

> 6. Build your issuer URL, which is the URL of the authorization server that performs the authentication. This example uses the "default" custom authorization server. The issuer is a combination of your Org URL (found by clicking your username in the upper-right corner of the Admin Console) and `/oauth2/default`. For example: `https://example-1234.oktapreview.com/oauth2/default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Build your issuer URL, which is the URL of the authorization server that performs the authentication. This example uses the "default" custom authorization server. The issuer is a combination of your Okta domain (found by clicking your username in the upper-right corner of the Admin Console) and `/oauth2/default`. For example: `https://example-1234.oktapreview.com/oauth2/default`.
```
